

This package is a comprehensive text analysis package. Text analysis and summarization are extremely important in the modern day ecosystem. With the abundance of information it is extremely important to give individuals of nes and technical research at a glance. Our module reads text from a provided url and summarizes it. We have not used any NLP packages and created an extract summary based on weighted frequencies and sentence scores.  For future scope we can add more complex functionalities like sentiment analysis and abstract summaries in this module. The current module is perfect to get a concise summary of a lengthy article from the web.

Example:
From: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/20th_century
The summary generated is below.



Animation was also developed in the 1920s  with the first full length cel animated feature film Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs  released in 1937.Sound films were developed  with the first full length feature film  The Jazz Singer  released in 1927.Computer generated imagery was developed in the 1980s  with the first full length CGI animated film Toy Story was released in 1995.With the end of colonialism and the Cold War  nearly a billion people in Africa were left in new nation states after centuries of foreign domination.The influence of China and India was also rising  as the world s largest populations were rapidly integrating with the world economy.Advancements in medical technology also improved the health of many people  the global life expectancy increased from 35 years to 65 years.One argument is that of global warming occurring due to human caused emission of greenhouse gases  particularly carbon dioxide produced by the burning of fossil fuels.The 20th century may have seen more technological and scientific progress than all the other centuries combined since the dawn of civilization.Scientific research  engineering professionalization and technological development much of it motivated by the Cold War arms race drove changes in everyday life.The victorious Bolsheviks then established the Soviet Union  the world s first communist state.Unlike most century years  the year 2000 was a leap year  and the second century leap year in the Gregorian calendar after 1600.In the latter half of the century  most of the European colonized world in Africa and Asia gained independence in a process of decolonization.While the first films were in black and white  technicolor was developed in the 1920s to allow for color films.
